1. What is Inter process communication?
-> Interprocess communication (IPC) in a distributed system refers to the mechanisms and techniques used for communication between different processes running on 
  separate nodes or machines within the distributed environment. This communication is essential for coordinating actions, sharing data, and synchronizing
  activities among the various components of the distributed system. IPC allows processes to exchange information, send messages, and cooperate with each other to 
  accomplish tasks. There are various methods of IPC in distributed systems, including message passing, remote procedure calls (RPC), shared memory, sockets, and
  distributed objects.
2. Difference between TCP and UDP socket communication? 
-> TCP:
      Connection-oriented
      Reliable, ensures ordered delivery
      Higher overhead
      Provides flow and congestion control
      Used for applications like web browsing, email, FTP
  UDP:
      Connectionless
      Unreliable, no guaranteed delivery or order
      Lower overhead
      No flow or congestion control
      Used for real-time applications like streaming, gaming, DNS, VoIP.
3. What is shared memory programming? 
-> Shared memory programming is a parallel programming paradigm where multiple processes or threads can access a common area of memory to communicate and share data
  Instead of passing messages between processes, shared memory allows processes to communicate by reading and writing to the same memory locations.
4.What is port? State application of port.
->  a port is a logical construct used to uniquely identify a specific endpoint or communication channel in a networked system. Ports are associated with IP 
    addresses
    and are used to enable communication between different applications or services running on a single device or across multiple devices. Applications of ports 
    include:
  (i) Network Communication: Ports facilitate communication between client and server applications over a network.
  (ii) Socket Programming: In socket programming, ports are used to establish communication endpoints for sending and receiving data between processes or 
    applications.
5. Explain the code.
->RMI Lookup:
    Concat stub = (Concat) Naming.lookup("localhost");: Looks up a remote object named "localhost" using RMI and casts it to the interface type Concat. This assumes
    that there is an RMI registry running on the local host.
  Remote Method Invocation:
    System.out.println(stub.concat(x, y));: Calls the concat method on the remote object stub, passing the strings x and y as arguments, and prints the result to
    the console. This assumes that the concat method is defined in the Concat interface.
